hey whats up guys today I'm gonna be
talking about kind of things that just
revolve around the gym so I'm going to
be calling this gym shit it can be
anything the the clothing the
accessories the gear your pre gym
rituals your post gym rituals anything
involving around the topic Jim ship
today is actually the first episode of
Jim shit and I'm excited to bring it to
you guys it is Footwear what do you guys
wear in the gym lots of people like like
to wear like the Fivefinger vibrams or
the converse is or or even go out and
spend a bunch of money on power lifting
shoes which are all great or even
barefoot you know like once again all
great options um I've lifted in many
different shoes but for the past two
weeks I kind of had a little epiphany
and I bust out the combat boots in
multiple training videos of like some
ifbb pros I've seen guys wearing combat
boots or military boots or squatting and
leg pressing in them and I first off
automatically thought like what the hell
are they doing they're trying just to
look badass I had no idea that they were
actually on to something pretty awesome
the main focus on any shoe that you wear
it the gym is to have a nice flat bottom
be good support and these as you can see
have a slight curve but man this this
solve this boot is like concrete and
right here in the heel you see so many
people when they're squatting the put
like maybe like some 2.5 or five pound
plates under the heels to kind of push
off of well I have that built in with
this combat boot and it really is one of
the best feelings I can I've ever had
one squatting it's just like a feeling
of security and and just strengthen you
just can feel like you're in a good
position and you feel like you have a
solid foundation so yeah so even though
there is like a slight curve in this
really isn't much of an issue because
you're gonna have most of your weight
back on your heels and that's where this
is just solid one thing that I just want
to kind of disclaimer on my leg days
when I wear these I cannot lace them up
because for when I'm doing some are
certain exercises if you lace them up
tight all the way up you can't actually
you know flex and flex and god was that
flexion can't move this pretend this is
my ankle my foot hand of a foot bending
my ankle can't do that who's this hot
lights up so I just I unlace it right
about halfway point for when I'm doing
some calf movements or maybe some other
movements depending on how I feel but no
joke guys i've only been lifting these
for about two weeks and they're my
favorite in all the time history of
lifting gym footwear so please guys
comment below tell me what you guys are
wearing in the gym and some of you never
give these a shot and otherwise that's
Jim shit episode one in your face give
me some ideas for future stuff Stacey